Hi guys, Korean Movie Recapped here. Before we
start, WARNING! Spoilers Ahead! Today, I’m going
to recap the second part of the Squid Game series.
In this part, players compete against one another
unlike the games in the first part. They have to
betray their closest friends in order to live.
So, what kind of betrayal will they commit?
Who will survive in the end? Let’s find it out.
After surviving the game, Seong’s team gathers in
the hall. They enjoy some snacks distributed by
the masked men. Unsatisfied with the portion, the
Mafia’s team cuts the queue for a second serving.
Unexpectedly, the snack portion has been
accustomed to the number of players.
So, some of the players don’t get their
rightful serving and a fight breaks out.
An angry player is killed by the Mafia in the
fight. Turns out, the masked men do not care
about the accident and continue their procedures.
100 million won is added to the prize pool and the
body is put in a gift-wrapped casket. Knowing the
unspoken rules, the Mafia's team decides to kill
other players outside the arena in order to raise
the prize pool and reduce the competition. The
players start to make teams in order to defend
themselves against the other teams. Meanwhile,
a mysterious player is taken by a masked man to a
hidden room, with the help of a masked supervisor.
Turns out, the player is a Doctor who helps the
corrupt masked men to harvest and sell organs of
the near-dead players. In return, the masked
men will inform the Doctor of the next game,
so he will have a better chance of surviving.
When the night comes, the lights in the hall are
turned off. However, unlike the other nights, the
players are ready for a war this time. The Mafia
starts by killing a player, and fights break out
on every corner of the room. Seong’s team invites
the Thief to their team and saves her from the
Mafia. They also try to save the Old Man but
cannot find him in his bed. Turns out, the Old Man
has saved himself by climbing the beds-barricade.
He shouts and asks the players to stop their
crime. Seeing the Old Man’s action, The Front
Man decides to end the war. The masked men who
have been ready to stop the fight come in and
bring the dead bodies out. Then, the cadavers are
brought to the crematorium room to be cremated.
On the next day, the remaining players are
gathered to start the third game, with a team
of 10 players. After last night’s war, players
are looking for strong male as their teammates.
Seong’s team ends up with 3 women and the Old
Man in their team. Knowing about the next game,
the Doctor decides to join the Mafia’s team with
the information as a bargaining chip. Turns out,
the next game is Tug of War. The game is held on a
tall platform, where the losing team will fall and
die from the height. With overwhelming strength,
Mafia’s team succeeds in winning the game easily.
Seong’s team is matched up with an all-male team
which is stronger. Before the game, the Old Man
shares a strategy to win the game. In the early
game, they lock the rope in their armpits and
their feet lock to the ground. They use their
body weight to tire the enemy and make them
feel hopeless. However, due to the difference in
the teams’ strength, they are pushed to the edge.
At the last seconds, Cho commands the team to step
forward 3 steps to destroy the opposing team’s
momentum and fights back. With this strategy,
they are able to win the game and survive.
Out of 80 players, 40 players survive and are
gathered once more in the hall. The Doctor is
called once more to harvest the players’ organs
for the corrupt masked men. Turns out, masked
man number 29 is supposedly complicit in the
misconduct and the Policeman participates instead.
He is asked to deliver the harvested organs to
a buyer with another masked man. The Policeman
witnesses their wrongdoings and is almost found
out due to his reactions. After the operation,
the Doctor asks the corrupt masked men about the
next game. However, they claim that they still
don’t know about it and will inform him as soon as
possible. Unsatisfied with the reply, the Doctor
enrages and kills a masked man with his scalpel.
He tries to run away but is chased by the masked
man to the second game’s arena. The masked man
tries to calm him down to keep their secret safe.
Suddenly, the Front Man shows up and kills both
of them. The Front Man actually doesn’t care about
their wrongdoings, but he hates that the Doctor is
given game information that makes the game unfair.
Meanwhile, the Policeman and another masked man
try to meet a buyer. They use a secret passage
to get out of the building. Before meeting
the buyer, the Policeman’s cover is blown-up.
The Policeman shoots the masked man and
infiltrates the Front Man’s room. Hearing
the gunshot, the Front Man rushes to the passage
to find the traitor. He identifies the bullet
as a standard Korean police bullet. He asks his
subordinates to find the infiltrator immediately.
On the other hand, the Policeman continues
to look for information on his brother.
In the archive room, he finds out that his
brother is actually a winner of the previous game.
The next day, the players are prepared
for the fourth game. Unbeknownst to them,
the cadavers of the traitors are already hanged on
the ceiling. The masked men ask for the players’
forgiveness for letting the game’s fairness be
tainted, and remind them of the consequences
should they do something similar. For the fourth
game, the players are teamed up in a pair.
The Old Man is left without a team, but Seong
pities him and invites him to play. Due to the
odd number of survivors, Woman is left without
a teammate and is forbidden to enter the game.
Meanwhile, the rest of the players team up based
on their compatibility. Unbeknownst to them,
their team member is actually the one they will
fight against. In the game arena, each of the
players are given a pouch containing 10 marbles.
They will play any agreed game with their pair,
using the marbles as the wager. Within 30 minutes,
a player has to win their pair’s 10 marbles in
order to survive. The Old Man is having amnesia
due to his brain tumor and refuses to play.
Seong shouts at the Old Man due to his panic. They
end up playing odds and evens, where they have to
guess the opponent’s number of marbles hidden
in the opponent’s palm. As the game goes, the
Old Man is prevailing and Seong is left with one
last marble. In the last round, he is still wrong
in guessing the Old Man’s marble. Even though
Seong is supposedly eliminated at this point,
he exploits the Old Man’s amnesia to change his
guess and win the round. He continues to do so
until he has 19 marbles. With only 1 marble left,
the Old Man wanders the arena to recall his past.
Seong forces him to play once more, and the Old
Man proposes to wager all of their marbles in the
last game. Upon hearing the proposal, Seong is
enraged since he has 19 marbles in possession.
The Old Man reveals that he wasn’t having amnesia
and was aware of Seong’s deception. When Seong is
swallowed in guilt, the Old Man hands him his last
marble and thanks him for being his partner in
playing his last game. After that, the Old Man
is eliminated with Seong mourning his friend’s
sacrifice. Meanwhile, Cho and Ali decide to play
the same game. With Ali prevailing in most of the
rounds, Cho is left with only 1 marble. Due to his
kindness, Ali feels guilty and trusts Cho’s lie.
Cho asks Ali to entrust him with his
marbles, and he swaps it with rocks.
After having 20 marbles in his hand,
Cho survives and Ali is shot to death.
On the other hand, the Thief pairs up with
another Girl. They decide to share about
themselves instead of playing. Upon sharing
their past, the Girl realizes that the Thief
is more worthy of surviving since she has her
brother to take care of. They play a game to
throw their marble the farthest with all the
10 marbles as the wager. The Girl backs down
and loses intentionally. In the end, the
Girl is shot with a big smile on her face.
Subscribe to watch the third part of this series.
Turn on your notifications, and leave a like
and comment to help the channel out. Thank you
for watching, and see you, in the second part.